Implement registrar methods for Domain Prices API (#93)
dnsimple/dnsimple-java: CHANGELOG.md

### `main`

> - NEW: Added `client.registrar.getDomainPrices` to retrieve if domain is premium and prices to register, transfer, and renewal. (dnsimple/dnsimple-java#93)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEW: Added `client.registrar.getDomainPrices` to retrieve whether a domain is premium and the prices to register, transfer, and renew. (dnsimple/dnsimple-java#93)
```
